JinSoul: Hi
JinSoul: I slept really well.
JinSoul; I was the one who finished last yesterday...
JinSoul: I don't know where to go yet...
JinSoul: They're coming!
(Here comes LOOΠΔ 1/3!)
NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ 1/3 - 지금, 좋아해(Love&Live)"
HyunJin: This is Hong Kong!
JinSoul: This is a street of Hong Kong!
(Every members are braiding JinSoul's hair, excpet for HaSeul!)
JinSoul: Everyone is braiding.
(After the shooting, HaSeul starts to braid!)
HaSeul: I did it in the morning~
JinSoul: HaSeul braided my hair in the morning~
HaSeul: We all born in 1997~
HaSeul: Ah, you have a dimple?
HaSeul: Why didn't I know about this?
HaSeul: I have it too!
JinSoul: Where?
HaSeul: Here!
(This same age friends have good chemistry like 2JIN's!)
JinSoul: Like yours, I have it too!